Sajeev Varghese is a seasoned technology leader with over two decades of experience, specializing in Banking and Finance, Governance, Risk & Compliance (GRC), Process Re-engineering, and Regulatory Technology (RegTech). As the Founder and CEO of Intello Protect Technologies, Sajeev has spearheaded numerous digital transformation projects for financial institutions, enabling them to enhance operational resilience and regulatory compliance.
Sajeev varghese
CEO
Emmanuel leads the operations  driving efficiency and excellence in cybersecurity service delivery. he is experienced in managing teams, optimizing workflows, and ensuring SLA compliance. He comes from a strong background in  client engagement, and service quality assurance. Emmanuel lead Intelllo’s operational resilience, service innovation, and customer satisfaction.
emmanuel fernandez
OPERATIONS MANAGER
With extensive experience in IT Governance, Risk, and Compliance (GRC), Ameesh specialize in helping organizations navigate complex regulatory landscapes while strengthening their cybersecurity posture. As the Head - GRC Services at Intello, he empower businesses with tailored strategies that align with global standards such as ISO 27001, SOC, GDPR, NESA, and UAE-PDPL.
ameesh abraham
HEAD OF GRC & AUDIT
Kanika Gandhi is a cybersecurity professional with a robust background in offensive security, Governance, Risk, and Compliance (GRC), and AI research. Her expertise includes hands-on experience in penetration testing and vulnerability assessments. Additionally, her research encompasses the integration of artificial intelligence in cybersecurity and risk management.
Kanika gandhi
GRC & CYBERSECURITY CONSULTANT
Lead auditor/ consultant for Management System. Skilled in ISO 27001, Quality Management, Quality Assurance, ISO 22301, ISO 20000-1, ISO 18788, ISO 14001, ISO 39001, Risk Management and other Management System. 
Experienced in IT Security frameworks,Policies and procedures, risk planning, risk management.
Surbhi Aggarwal
INFOSEC AUDITOR
Rakesh comes with extensive experience in Network Security and enterprise infrastructure.
Skilled in firewalls, intrusion detection systems, threat mitigation and penetration testing, he leads designing robust network architectures and incident response procedures for regulatory compliance. His assignments are committed to ensuring data integrity, confidentiality, and continuous uptime.
Rakesh k p
Network security engineer
Ram comes with specialization in Microsoft Solution Architect designing scalable, cloud-first solutions.
His is an expert in Azure, Microsoft 365, and enterprise application integration with a proven track record in digital transformation and system modernization. Ram is focused on aligning technology strategy with business goals for lasting impact.
dhanaraman gopalakrishnan
MICROSOFT SOLUTION ENGINEER